I'm looking for you, Tang Green, be careful
Thousands of knives
Go to hell, you guys who got a thousand knives
How dare you beat up my son, big pipe, why don't you die?
Tang law
Sorry for scaring you.
Let go of me, don't look, don't look, it's time to be busy
Tang Jian came to my office
What's the matter with you?
Didn't you see it all just now?
Can you save your snacks, Mr. Tang?
If this continues, we will lock hundreds of rotten doors
Is this my fault?
How did the family of the person involved find me?
Who borrowed the life?
Auntie, this is the guarantee.
Look good, just sign here
I wish you could
I have to let your lawyers play me to death!
I will not sign
Okay, don't you bully people when we see you at the police station?
Auntie, you are disturbing public order.
Although the crime is minor
But what about this guarantee?
After you sign it, promise not to harass me
This is already our largest account.
Who's harassing who?
It's that bitch Tang Jian, and he's harassing our family
Let me tell you, Tang Jian, I haven't scolded enough yet
Why don't you drive him away?
Just don't let him go in the future
Let me go
It's not that easy to come with me
Tang Jian, let me tell you this is not over